Prepare for PyPI releases via name change to `almanack` and automated release + publishing capabilities (#43)
software-gardening/almanac: src/book/garden-circle/contributing.md

We define GitHub Actions work under the [`.github`](https://github.com/software-gardening/almanac/tree/main/.github) directory.
We suggest the use of [`act`](https://github.com/nektos/act) to help test GitHub Actions work during development.

### Releases

> We utilize [semantic versioning](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_versioning#Semantic_versioning) ("semver") in order to distinguish between major, minor, and patch releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We utilize [semantic versioning](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_versioning#Semantic_versioning) ("semver") to distinguish between major, minor, and patch releases.
```

the phrase "in order to" is almost always fluff that can be easily removed :)

Author: Thanks!

We publish source code by using [GitHub Releases](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/releasing-projects-on-github/about-releases) available [here](https://github.com/software-gardening/almanac/releases).

> We publish a related Python package through the [Python Packaging Index (PyPI)](https://pypi.org/) available [here](https://pypi.org/project/almanack/).

Reviewer: Maybe it is worth being a bit more specific than "related"?

Author: Thanks good point, I'll add some specificity here.

Author: Updated in a further commit.

#### Release Publishing Process

> Several manual and automated steps are involved with publishing Software Gardening Almanack releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Publishing Software Gardening Almanack releases involves several manual and automated steps.
```

Active voice

See below for an overview of how this works.

> Notes about [semantic version](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_versioning#Semantic_versioning) (semver) specifications:

Reviewer: This line feels a bit out of place given the previous "see below..." language

You immediately point to a different resource for someone to view? perhaps an easy fix would be to add this sentence later, after describing specs

Author: Thanks, great point - I'll move things around a bit to help with this.

Author: Reorganized this with a further commit.

> Software Gardening Almanack version specifications are controlled through [`poetry-dynamic-versioning`](https://github.com/mtkennerly/poetry-dynamic-versioning) which leverages [`dunamai`](https://github.com/mtkennerly/dunamai) to create version data based on [git tags](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Basics-Tagging) and commits.
> Software Gardening Almanack release git tags are automatically applied through [GitHub Releases](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/releasing-projects-on-github/about-releases) and related inferred changes from [`release-drafter`](https://github.com/release-drafter/release-drafter).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Version specifications 

- [`poetry-dynamic-versioning`](https://github.com/mtkennerly/poetry-dynamic-versioning) leveraging [`dunamai`](https://github.com/mtkennerly/dunamai) creates version data based on [git tags](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Basics-Tagging) and commits.
- [GitHub Releases](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/releasing-projects-on-github/about-releases) automatically create git tags
- [`release-drafter`](https://github.com/release-drafter/release-drafter) infers and describes changes since last release
```

Please double check (and/or ignore) my edits here. I switched to active voice and tried to add a bit of structure for increasing clarity

Author: Thanks for this, looks a lot better!

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Version specification process

```

1. Open a pull request and use a repository label for `release-<semver release type>` to label the pull request for visibility with [`release-drafter`](https://github.com/release-drafter/release-drafter) (for example, see [almanack#43](https://github.com/software-gardening/almanac/pull/43) as a reference of a semver patch update).
1. On merging the pull request for the release, a [GitHub Actions workflow](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows) defined in `draft-release.yml` leveraging [`release-drafter`](https://github.com/release-drafter/release-drafter) will draft a release for maintainers.
1. The draft GitHub release will include a version tag based on the GitHub PR label applied and `release-drafter`.
1. Make modifications as necessary to the draft GitHub release, then publish the release (the draft release does not normally need additional modifications).

> 1. On publishing the release, another GitHub Actions workflow defined in `publish-pypi.yml` will run to build and deploy the Python package to PyPI (utilizing the earlier modified `pyproject.toml` semantic version reference for labeling the release).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On publishing the release, another GitHub Actions workflow defined in `publish-pypi.yml` will automatically build and deploy the Python package to PyPI (utilizing the earlier modified `pyproject.toml` semantic version reference for labeling the release).
```

Author: Thanks! A lot more clear.
